[Music]
this is the impact crater from an
Israeli air strike on a home in nirat
refugee camp in central
Gaza rescue teams know people are
trapped we have just recovered the dead
body of a baby only a few months old but
we have not yet been able to find any
others
[Music]
a four-year-old girl is freed from the
home that collapsed around her there's
one last kiss from her grandfather she's
taken to an ambulance but it's already
too
late and she isn't the only one the
lifeless body of six-year-old Omar lies
beside
her to the Israelis there is no safe
Zone all over the Gaza Strip not a
single inch is safe the Israelis are
lying we were told that from the Gaza
Valley Southward is safe we were forced
to take shelter there we are all
civilians all those inside the house
were women and children I was the oldest
and the only male among them I repeat
all were women and
children he's asked what his messages
for the world that's
watching there is nothing called the
International Community this is a lie
there is nothing called the
international court or International
humanitarian law all of these are just
lies all these names were created to
back the strong against the weak the
oppressor against the oppressed teams
continue to dig for any survivors
knowing full well there is little chance
anyone could have survived this Mike
leel Al
jazer well further south from the nerat
refugee camp in Raa the Israeli military
is continuing to target areas that had
previously declared safe for civilians
Israel's evacuation orders add to the
terror and anxiety of residents asked to
leave as FIA car
reports the evacuation of almasri tower
in Rafa is captured on a mobile phone
Israeli air strikes hit the building
where 300 displaced Palestinians were
seeking temporary Refuge residents say
they received a 30 minute warning to get
out but it wasn't enough time sparking
panic and
Chaos we were surprised at night with
the janitor knocking on the apartment
doors telling us to evacuate the tower
our children and our women fell a friend
of mine's wife who was 9 months pregnant
she fell down the stairs there was a
state of panic and fear people left
everything some even forgot their
children in the daylight the extent of
the damage is huge
among the debris people find themselves
sitting with their belongings many of
whom were already displaced and now have
nowhere to
turn where is the safe place they speak
about where should people go from the
north they told them to evacuate to the
South they herded them all up in the
south in Kan Yunis and told them to go
to Rafa where is this safe place that
the Israeli Army is talking
about Israel's raids continue across
Gaza killing dozens of civilians
including ATT in Dar
albala the US and Jordanian Air Forces
and others continued to airdrop supplies
into Gaza but some parachutes fail to
open killing several people waiting on
the
ground we do not want anybody to give us
food we want them to leave us alone and
we can survive on our own these rockets
that fall on us are American Rockets to
begin with in all the hardship this
father finds a spark of
joy
after 91 days apart he's reunited with
his son
Hamza promising never to let him go
again Fredy AAR Al jazer